In this game, A Kid's Quest, you play as a kid who lives in a small, polluted neighboorhood. Thanks to the pollution, your mom is sick, and so now it is up to you to help her, while also creating less pollution so that other people don't get sick like your mom. In the game, you have a few daily tasks you need to complete. If you complete all of them correctly, you will gain 10 points, which signals that you won the game. The tasks include: Getting water from the well and filtering that water, making food for your mom, cleaning up the neighboorhoods trash (each trash picked up will count as 1 point), watering your garden, recycling your trash, and using your bike instead of your car. All of these tasks will give you points as they help limit the amount of pollution. However, certain tasks such as: using your car, don't recycle the trash, and don't pick up the water from the well all result in -1 point. These are because they harm the environment around you, and teaches the player to not do these things. If you get -3 points, then the game is lost as you caused too much pollution. There is also a random event button if the player wants to be risky, which either gives or takes away a point depending on which scenario it lands on. If the event is "A nice old lady helps with your garden", you get a point added, as helping plant flowers help less pollution grow. However, if the event is "Your tires popped on your bike, so now you have to use your car" you get -1 point, as using your car emmits toxic gasses to the environment. The objective is to help the environment as much as possible, and you do this by clicking the buttons which result in tiny animations of the player doing the tasks. Once you finish, you can restart the game from the bggining and play again! 
